we go
the lie when we are going to win
from this bar
and do not see
the final result is how are you 3
and I know I'm going to do them in these two
to see the process I already apply
Two layers of white enamel active vial
and let you dry well then let's
need a tape can be any
tape and let's cut with the scissors
a band-aid of the measure that you
want to do the little part of the middle of
the flag
in this case I'm going to use an average
wide for the big toe and we're going to
hit here in the middle where you
they want the little white piece to go
and the same thing we're going to do on the other finger
once we have it stuck we are going to
go with the celestial sky blue glaze
and we're just going to paint because
total is the ribbon
let's paint on the top
and we are going to paint also in the part of
down
the same thing we do with the other finger
this polish really boast me
amazement because it's pretty opaque in
one hand achieved
a
a good finish but good if you
they have some other celestial one that does not have
so good finish you can give two hands
before it dries I'm going to remove
the band
elastic is this median of chiringa
it happens like me
retire
the excess
with a cotonete
but it's mostly for them to see the
effect as it succeeds
let's let it dry once it's
dry with transparent glaze let's
pass it over
and we are going to take a stick
I'm going to dip the tip in the enamel
transparent and I will take a strass
golden color and I'll apply it in the
half of the nail simulating being the solcito
of the Argentine flag the same thing I'm going to
do with this other
in these extras is so they come
they can get almost anywhere today
They are in golden color and we seal
again so that it does not come out
with transparent enamel if you do not
they have the enamel at hand right now
can also use another option is a
yellow enamel or rather golden I would say
me because the Argentine flag is average
a gold color
or mix these two and just do
with a stick and paint the solcito instead
to apply it extras but good
it seemed that the idea of
apply in strass
this is the final result
I hope you liked it and well
It seemed like a nice option to be able to
encourage our team in this global
that is going to be done in that already
is actually doing in
Brazil-2014 if they want the week
which is already playing our team
Argentina
well that's all for now I leave them and
see you in the next video very many
thanks for watching and sharing